How are you preparing for the listing?
Three days should be enough.
Satsuki
Why do I always feel that you are acting weird this month?
Me? Maybe it's been a busy month.
Never had a good rest
You are the most powerful woman I have ever met
When this project is over
I'll give you a month
Oh, no, three months of paid vacation.
Thank you Mr. Xu
Satsuki
I don't know much about these things
I can give it to you because I believe in you
This one-month deadline is very important to me
So I hope you can help me.
Don't worry, Mr. Xu
The consequence is that he can't agree to marry you?
OK
Master has three days left
Will that woman help?
I left something behind
He has to help me if he doesn't help me
Xiaoyue hopes you don't let me down